The Joe Rogan experience.
The thing about redheads, I read this thing where it said that red heads have a,
like,
there's something about the pain that they have a higher tolerance for pain that
I think it might actually be a genetic thing. Irish. Yeah. They would feel it.
See if we can find that there was something about red heads and pain.
Study.
Link between red hair and pain threshold. Wow.
The chosen one rule.
Like a redheaded stepchild. Find.
Out let's find Louie and start punching him. Oh, he can take it. He can.
So it says people with red hair.
A normal man would have killed himself a long time ago. He's got pain threshold.
Yeah. It's special. It's amazing. I heard the same.
I heard it's amazing in that sign behind them. That just says,
sorry you were there for it.
With them. I was on the road with him last.
I did get him to do an Instagram. I was like,
you got to get back in. And then I think he already deleted it.
As soon as I left the Tori.
Well, you know, he got a hard time, you know,
he was the beloved guy and then all of a sudden they turned on him. Oh yeah.
I heard his new set is amazing. That's what I heard.
I'll tell you a cool story. He's [inaudible] I don't want to disrespect trouble.
No, it was just a funny thing. I got to the hotel and he was like,
what are you doing? I was like, I'm going to, I forgot my sunglasses.
I'm going to go buy a pair of sunglasses. And he was like, all right,
I want you to come to my hotel room before you leave. And I was like, dope.
And then of course he knew he was with me when the doors were closed.
He was like, I'm not going to check off.
I probably shouldn't have said that on here. That's all right. He's the king.
And uh, what he wanted to show me was that some of that,
that he filmed. And then I saw the hour and it's like, I heard my friend went,
cannot wait. He already filmed it. Yeah. Yesterday.
The Hulu, right? Yeah. When is it coming out? I'm not sure.
That's a little awkward though. That he showed you that I.
Got.
That story. I know. I get it. Yeah. Um,
he and I talked about doing the podcast twice.
[Inaudible].
Favorite guy in the world. He's a great guy. What's wrong with that story?
That wasn't bad. You didn't say anything bad about him. I got a bad.
Louise story. So I used to open for him before he was a trailer. And,
uh, you know, he was like the king of comedy for a while.
He was the funniest guy ever, you know, whatever.
So I used to open for him and it was the highlight of my life.
And then we were hanging out in his hotel room,
watching a movie and we were talking and I was sitting on his bed and he was
sitting at the chair in the hotel room and I go, Hey, Louie.
And I farted on his bed on his bed.
Like, you're like the filthy comedy guy. I thought you would love a fart.
And he was like, dude, what are you doing? I was crushed. I like.
We get actually angry. Or just like that, dude, what are you doing?
Because it was like, I'm disappointed in you. Like I thought we were a.
Relationship and you tell her, I could see that a hundred percent.
He strikes me as a guy that would, yeah. I could see him going both ways.
I could see him going, like that was hilarious. Or like, Hey dude.
And it was a great fart too. I really thought he wouldn't be like, oh,
watch the entire episode for free. Only on Spotify.